hey guys what's going on this is going
to be a team deathmatch on village the
gun i'm using is mk14 with the red dot
and suppressor the killstreaks i'm using
are the attack helicopter reaper and a
c-130 and lastly the perks i'm using our
scavenger pro assassin pro and stalker
pro this setup is becoming my bread and
butter setup I know if I use this this
gun these killstreaks I'm gonna tear
people up and this right here makes no
sense apparently you can't shoot through
this little tiny piece of tarp or
whatever that is you can't shoot through
it I thought that was a one of my
friends a friendly but that was
definitely an enemy I just couldn't
shoot him through the little tarp just
very weird but this game I go 25 and 0
flawless 25 no I fuck you i love village
I I fucking love village it's the best
map on this game for sure but um God
dude i love this map and i actually just
got this gameplay like five minutes ago
I was just so I'm so excited like I
gotta make a commentary i love this man
I fuck people up this games awesome but
uh yeah I want to make commentary and I
think I'm gonna talk about something a
little it's not really controversial
it's just like everyone's got their own
favorite music and I'm gonna talk about
my personal music tastes what I enjoy
and uh you know and this is something
that no matter what I say I like other
people aren't going to like it because
it's the internet everyone likes
different things it whatever if is lit
let's just like I don't really have a
particular genre but let's just say just
for example like I like dubstep there's
gonna be like a million people that say
dubstep is gay or I could say I like
country music and there's gonna be like
five billion people that say that's gay
but me in Peru me in particular I don't
have a specific genre i listen to i'm
not picky at all i listen to everything
i like i like songs that I like country
music songs that are good i like
electronic music i like a very very
small amount of dubstep like the stuff
that's actually like good not like the
stuff that sounds the same as and this
is this is gonna cause some some drama I
know but in my opinion dubstep sounds
almost no I'm gonna go ninety-five
percent of it sounds the same and if you
don't believe me go watch a video on
youtube called dub hips
but like mudkips but dub tips and that
basically sounds like ninety-five
percent of dubstep out there and I don't
know I me I know you guys are be like
they bake you're an idiot dubstep is a
very complex it's it's very complex and
it takes a lot of skill to make dubstep
and that's definitely not why everyone
and their mom tries to make dubstep now
but whatever I like things that you
don't like you like things that I don't
like that's the world that's life and I
don't know that's just how things work
but my particular music interests are
very very wide I i like i like a lot of
country music i know a lot of people
like cookie good your music it's gay why
don't you listen to it but i like i like
the lyrics of some country music songs
and then i hate i hate a lot of them
though i don't don't get it don't get me
wrong i do hate a lot of country music
too there's some like i like the the
fucking country music awards like little
buddha boot in your ass like that kind
of fucking country music i don't know
what that song is but somebody in the
comments will know somebody from like
texas put a boot in your ass the
American Way fuck yeah that's the cats
that's the kind of country music I like
this stuff with like a real meaning not
like Shay thank my cracked or shaky like
fuck that like why is that even why does
that even exist I also really like
electronic music that's my favorite
genre of music right now I love artists
like glitch mob deadmau5 and I don't
know I love music like that I like it a
lot more than dubstep and other things
that sound the same but um yeah I've
really enjoyed a dead mouse and Glitch
Mob those are my two favorite right now
for sure I've been listening to glitch
mob and this is I'm gonna be a hipster
here but I've been listening to glitch
mob a long time before way before you
guys have and that's just the truth of
it they actually got uh they actually
weren't famous and all really until the
Virginia Tech America's Got Talent the
Virginia Tech what are they called
Fighting Gravity they used they use the
glitch mob song and other performances
and everyone saw it on TV and we're like
oh my god this sounds are measuring and
yeah so I've been listening to glitter
on for a long time before they got
popular at all really and I really like
electronic music like that for sure and
I like lots of music I've listened to
some and this one
I I used to not listen to to pop radio
like I never used to listen to like the
hate music radio station until just
recently and I and I listen to it now
mainly just to keep up with the times I
never listened to the radio for like
longest time until I got a car Sarah was
like dude this kesha girl why the fuck
is she even on the radio and I was like
who the hell is Keisha I don't I don't
know who this person is so I started
listening to like pop radio just to get
a grasp on what is apparently popular
and what what the trending things are so
I do listen to that every once in a
while and I heard this song by I think
it's called good feeling and I usually
don't like any any songs on on a pop
radio but i don't i think it's flo rida
of Florida I don't know who sings it but
it wasn't bad and it was by like someone
that I would never have listened to ever
other songs called good feeling good
feeling i think uh yeah you can youtube
search not sure it's on youtube and it's
like a rap fucking disco electronic
crazy it's pretty cool why i like it i'm
sure a lot of people hate it but that's
just the internet that's musical taste
everything's everyone's got something
different to say but i don't know i
thought that that was a song that really
surprised me and i don't know i have no
real particular musical taste so I like
stuff on pop radio every once in a while
I like electronic music country music Oh
some dubstep but I don't know why you
guys were asking me what I listened to
and uh yeah I don't I don't have a
particular thing I listen to it listen
to anything I like really so yeah anyway
I'm rambling now so i'll see you guys
later hope you guys enjoyed the video
and hopefully it made sense